{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ComicSansMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13280\viewh11280\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Untitled:\
This project was a response to a studio brief (Unlimited Limited) which called to produce work that investigated ideas of personalisation. <i>Untitled<i/> is centred on how the development of the Internet has created a space where opposing ideas of 'personal' and 'impersonal' exist closely. The first part of the project examines online content that \
was created with the intent to be seen on a mass scale but still feel personal, similar to language or conventions used in advertising but within a \'93private\'94 space.\
\
 This project was a response to a studio brief (Unlimited Limited) which called to produce work that investigated ideas of personalisation. <i>Untitled</i> is centred on how the development of the Internet has created a space where opposing ideas of 'personal' and 'impersonal' exist closely. The first part of the project examines online content that applies templates or conventions in order to seem individualised for each user, but are ultimately created to be mass-consumed. \
\
The supplementary publication is a glimpse into my personal Internet usage. It is an examination of the online experience as simultaneously curated by individual users, along with being constructed by a multitude of facets including marketing, algorithms and social standards. \
\
	WYWM:\
<i>WYWM</i> is an exploration of book making using conditional design and print-on-demand technology. The goal was to define a system to create a large publication within a short time span, this was done by utilising automated and digital processes. This project explores the moods and meanings of a shared gaze, using art collated from the Met Museum online collection. \
\
The promotional website extends on the idea of \'93the look\'94 by directing the gaze toward the user. It mutates the content of the book and makes it public by putting it into an online space.\
\
\
	Bio:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi, I'm a designer based in Melbourne. My work is driven by extensive investigation, and spans across a range of mediums including publication, web design and videography.\'a0\'a0\
\
I am currently exploring accessible publication methods and working on collaborative projects.\'a0}